PMM-10974 PGSM switch. (#1216)
percona/pmm-doc: docs/get-started/query-analytics.md

## Query Analytics for PostgreSQL

> In QAN we support two types of query sources, `pg_stat_monitor` and `pg_stat_statements`. Before PGSS was the default query source, but now it's PGSM. In case PGSM is not available on your system it will fallback to PGSS with a warning message in pmm-admin during adding. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
QAN offers support for two types of query sources: `pg_stat_monitor` (PGSM) and `pg_stat_statements` (PGSS).  While PGSS used to be the default query source, recent PMM versions have transitioned to PGSM. 
If PGSM is unavailable on your system, QAN will seamlessly fall back to PGSS and you will be notified of this in pmm-admin.
```
